Contributions (#2980)
Ranchero-Software/NetNewsWire: README.md

developer ID and certificates, and for dev to be able to have local settings
without needing to check in anything into source control.

You can do this in one of two ways: using the included `setup.sh` script or by creating the folder structure and file manually. 

##### Using `setup.sh`

- Open Terminal and `cd` into the NetNewsWire directory. 

> - Run this command to ensure you have execution rights for the script: `sudo chmod 755 setup.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run this command to ensure you have execution rights for the script: `chmod +x setup.sh`
```

Author: Changed in a498ff5
